[Music]
how's the corn over there you really
ruining my slow right now you know that
we got an issue his movement man
[Music]
we have 15 minutes it's time hit it
hello boys
what if I told you I know what happens
when you die you become a ghost
by more criminal records no more office
parties are stupid weddings best part of
being dead is the freedom
not policies or politics no one touch
he's mine
we answer to no one
[Music]
you could take outs and truly evil
people
[Music]
okay
these people will declare the day none
of us will be remembered it's about to
happen will dude thanks honey raise the
bad ones right who the hell are you
where no one leave they exist they can
be made not fighter jets
you see
sorry for yelling welcome to the world's
biggest magnet
Rene
[Music]
I'd work I mean it was it sure sure had
a suspicion but I yeah this is awesome
dangerous
you
[Music]